Document `txpool_contentFrom` JSON-RPC method (#1950)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/api/index.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### `txpool_contentFrom`

Returns the pending (executable) and queued (non-executable) transactions for a given sender address.

Pending transactions have consecutive nonces starting from the account's current on-chain nonce.

> Queued transactions have nonce gaps and cannot yet be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the pending and queued transactions for a given sender address.
```

#### Parameters

> `address`: _string_ - 20-byte account address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`address`: _string_ - sender address
```

#### Returns

`result`: _object_ - transaction pool content for the given address:

  - `pending`: _object_ - map of transaction nonce (as decimal string) to [transaction object](objects.md#transaction-object) for executable transactions

>   - `queued`: _object_ - map of transaction nonce (as decimal string) to [transaction object](objects.md#transaction-object) for non-executable transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `pending`: _object_ - map of nonces to [transaction objects](objects.md#transaction-object), for pending transactions from the specified address

  - `queued`: _object_ - map of nonces to [transaction objects](objects.md#transaction-object) for queued transactions from the specified address
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### `txpool_contentFrom`

Returns the pending and queued transactions for a given sender address.

#### Parameters

`address`: _string_ - sender address

#### Returns

`result`: _object_ - transaction pool content for the given address:

  - `pending`: _object_ - map of nonces to [transaction objects](objects.md#transaction-object), for pending transactions from the specified address

>   - `queued`: _object_ - map of nonces to [transaction objects](objects.md#transaction-object) for queued transactions from the specified address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `pending`: _object_ - map of nonces to [transaction objects](objects.md#transaction-object), for pending transactions from the given address

  - `queued`: _object_ - map of nonces to [transaction objects](objects.md#transaction-object) for queued transactions from the given address
```

consistency
